VS_CODE features:
1. IntelliSense:IntelliSense is a general term for a variety of code editing features including: code completion, parameter info, quick info, and member lists. IntelliSense features are sometimes called by other names such as "code completion", "content assist", and "code hinting."
2. Code Navigation: Visual Studio Code has a high productivity code editor which, when combined with programming language services, gives you the power of an IDE and the speed of a text editor. In this topic, we'll first describe VS Code's language intelligence features (suggestions, parameter hints, smart code navigation) and then show the power of the core text editor.
3. Refactoring: Source code refactoring can improve the quality and maintainability of your project by restructuring your code while not modifying the runtime behavior. Visual Studio Code supports refactoring operations (refactorings) such as Extract Method and Extract Variable to improve your code base from within your editor.
4. Debugging: One of the key features of Visual Studio Code is its great debugging support. VS Code's built-in debugger helps accelerate your edit, compile and debug loop.
5. Integrated Terminal: In Visual Studio Code, you can open an integrated terminal, initially starting at the root of your workspace. This can be convenient as you don't have to switch windows or alter the state of an existing terminal to perform a quick command-line task.

VS_CODE plugins:
1. Import Cost: The Import Cost extension is great for viewing the package size at a glance for imported packages. This extension will display inline in the editor the size of the imported package. The extension utilizes webpack with babel-webpack-plugin in order to detect the imported size.
2. Turbo Console.log: Turbo Console Log is a VS Code extension that helps you automate logging statements across your codebase.
3. Night Owl: The Night Owl theme is one of my favorites themes, and has an impressive 240k installations from the marketplace. This theme is ideal for fans of dark mode themes — fine-tuned for people who love working late at night, and the color choices take into consideration the level of accessibility for people with color blindness and in low-light circumstances.
4. Azure Functions: The Azure Functions extension for VS Code is really handy. It allows you to create, debug, manage, and deploy Azure Functions directly from VS Code, which makes the entire process of working with Azure Functions seamless.
5. Path Intellisense: The Path Intellisense extension is another great tool to give a try. It helps you automatically complete filenames. When working on large codebases, it can become a pain when you need to look up path names for files or directories. This extension provides intellisense for files and will save you time looking up a file name.
6. ESLint: The ESLint extension is quite handy for writing clean code. This extension helps you integrate ESLint into your editor such that your code is automatically formatted, and also linting is enabled for errors and warnings. With over 18 million downloads, this is one of the most-downloaded extensions.
7. Prettier: Manually formatting code can be a pain for developers and mostly slows you down while coding. This is why it is important to automate things like formatting so you don’t have to worry again. The Prettier code extension helps you format your code so you don’t have to manually do it. Prettier is really popular and used by a lot of developers, and this is why it has an approximate 7 million downloads.
8. Live Server: The Live Server extension provides you with a quick development Live Server, with live browser reload enabled for static and dynamic pages. The cool thing about this extension is it has a go-live button on the taskbar, so you can easily spin up a development server at any time and it works seamlessly.